Welcome to the lesson on Bitcoin Core.
Bitcoin Core is a powerful set of
developer tools to help you create applications on the Bitcoin blockchain.
The goal of this lesson is to get you up and running
with your own Bitcoin Core development environment.
Throughout this lesson, we'll introduce Bitcoin Core,
its purpose, and the tools it makes available
to you to help build and deploy applications.
Once set up, you'll start to create transactions between
wallets using a Bitcoin Core test environment.
You will investigate the transactions made using
the online Block Explorer to get
better idea of how transactions flow through the network.
All this, will prepare you to complete your next project,
where you'll start to make transactions using your own private blockchain.
For more details on the upcoming lesson,
feel free to read through the text below the video,
and when you're ready, we'll see you in the lesson.